Action Docs part2 (#4739)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Learning-Environment-Design-Agents.md

  method calls `VectorSensor.AddObservation()` such that vector size adds up to 8,
  the Behavior Parameters of the Agent are set with vector observation space
  with a state size of 8.

> - `Agent.OnActionReceived()` — The actions result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Agent.OnActionReceived()` — The action results
```

An action is an instruction from the Policy that the agent carries out. The
action is passed to the Agent as the `ActionBuffers` parameter when the Academy invokes the

> agent's `OnActionReceived()` function. There are two types of actions than an Agent can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
agent's `OnActionReceived()` function. There are two types of actions that an Agent can use:
```

for an Agent is in the `OnActionReceived()` function.

For example, if you designed an agent to move in two dimensions, you could use
either continuous or the discrete actions. In the continuous case, you
would set the action size to two (one for each dimension), and the

> agent's Policy would create an action with two floating point values. In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
agent's Policy would output an action with two floating point values. In the
```

discrete case, you would use one Branch with a size of four (one for each
direction), and the Policy would create an action array containing a single
element with a value ranging from zero to three. Alternatively, you could create
two branches of size two (one for horizontal movement and one for vertical

> movement), and the Policy would create an action array containing two elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
movement), and the Policy would output an action array containing two elements
```

> with values ranging from zero to one. You could even use a combination of continuous
> and discrete actions, for example using one continuous action for horizontal movement,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with values ranging from zero to one. You could alternatively use a combination of continuous
and discrete actions e.g., using one continuous action for horizontal movement
```

with values ranging from zero to one.
with values ranging from zero to one. You could even use a combination of continuous
and discrete actions, for example using one continuous action for horizontal movement,
and a discrete branch of size two for the vertical movement.

Note that when you are programming actions for an agent, it is often helpful to
test your action logic using the `Heuristic()` method of the Agent, which lets
you map keyboard commands to actions.

> The [3DBall](Learning-Environment-Examples.md#3dball-3d-balance-ball) and

Author: Pretty sure this is no longer true.

```

By default the output from our provided PPO algorithm pre-clamps the values of
`ActionBuffers.ContinuousActions` into the [-1, 1] range. It is a best practice to manually clip
these as well, if you plan to use a 3rd party algorithm with your environment.
As shown above, you can scale the control values as needed after clamping them.

### Discrete Actions

When an Agent's Policy uses **discrete** actions, the
`ActionBuffers.DiscreteActions` passed to the Agent's `OnActionReceived()` function

> is an array of integers with length equal `Discrete Branch Size`. When defining the discrete actions, `Branches`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is an array of integers with length equal to `Discrete Branch Size`. When defining the discrete actions, `Branches`
```

### Actions Summary & Best Practices

- Agents can use `Discrete` and/or `Continuous` actions.
- Discrete actions can have multiple action branches, and it's possible to mask
  certain actions so that they won't be taken.

> - In general, a smaller number of action will make for easier learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In general, fewer actions will make for easier learning.
```

> - Be sure to set the Continuous Action Size and Discrete Branch Size to desired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be sure to set the Continuous Action Size and Discrete Branch Size to the desired
```

      effective size of the vector observation being passed to the Policy being:
      _Space Size_ x _Stacked Vectors_.
  - `Vector Action`

>     - `Continuous Action Size` - The number of continuous actions that the Agent

Reviewer: Should we say 'concurrent continuous actions'

Author: Updated
